Give me a paella recipe with a description of at least 300 words about the dish, curiosities, and popularity. Where is this dish originally from? Witch season is best to cook this recipe? Give me a bullet point list of all ingredients and their measurements for this recipe and for how many people this dish is for based on the quantity of the ingredients. Give me a bullet-point list of tips, tricks, and comments about how to cook it. Give me a bullet-point list of all the steps for preparation before actually cooking the dish. Give me a bullet point list of all the steps on how to cook it, temperature, and additional useful information. How long time it minutes take to prepare all the ingredients before cooking, and how long time it minutes take to cook tell me if there is any additional time needed before eating and how long times in minutes it will take. Is this recipe best for any especial occasion such as birthdays, Christmas, Halloween, or any other famous holidays of the year? Give me all the nutritional facts from this recipe based on a simple person portion of the whole dish, it is supposed to include carbs, sugars, protein, fat, fiber, kcal, salt, and saturates. Among those courses and types of food options are appetizers, BBQ, Bread, Breakfast, Brunch, Dinner, Desert, Drinks, Lunch, Salads, Sauces, Sides, Snacks, Soups and Starters with ones applied to this dish. Among those diet options, are Carnivore, Gluten-free, Healthy, Keto, Low carbs, Low fat, Mediterranean, Raw, Vegan, and Vegetarian with ones applied to this dish. Among those methods of cooking, Air fryer, Baking, BBQ, Blended, Boiling, Cooking Pan, Frying, Frozen, Grilling, Microwave, Oven, Poaching, Pressure cooker, Roasting, Shake, Simmering, Slow cooking, Smoking, Stir fry, Stirred and Steaming with ones applied to this dish. Among those allergy types, Celery, Crustaceans, Eggs, Fish, Gluten, Lupin, Milk, Molluscs, Mustard, Nuts, Sesame, Soya, and Sulphites with ones should we be aware of.